hello this program is crap 20 and
Today I will tell you what to eat
real crap and so fell into my hands
chinese samsung galaxy clone laptop and
at least so says the box
but I was very pleased with the sticker on
the phone shows budget
Chinese sweetheart the sweetest Chinese
claim what is called this miracle is not
other than x-ice 3
bravo , we hang narrow-eyed neighbors well, yes
ok if we have a goal x so
be surprisingly immediately say that in
This white poppy there is only one
sim card are you surprised yes i was waiting too
slots for twenty-three sim cards but alas
the Chinese decided to take care of the phone and the brain
around and took advantage of only
1 quality speaker is awful i think you
understand it yourself call to hell
out of it is easier than anywhere else and the score in
total almost 99 percent chinese
budget fakes are equipped with a gram background
otherwise hissing and crackling is different just
I did not explain the phone itself
only interested in how they can
fake samsung interface
phones, we all already know how to
it happens on Chinese iPhones
Chinese attempt to replace the original axis
made on the basis of the android system on
the usual java clone failed with
crackling leaving behind a piece of smelly
digital cola is just terribly honest
I'll tell you, after all, all that was needed was
Chinese
this is a budget phone for a couple of thousand
rubles with transferred correctly
an android on it but not our blueberries
just keeps churning and buche
useless cases java filling
continues to shock all his
prepared incompatible with anything and
moral obsolescence perversion
Chinese with models and clones of systems
killed all sorts of new installation features
applications
probably only the Chinese themselves know that
This can be set if
lucky something to download and install on
this phone doesn’t mean that
the application will work no believe me
java gives such a spit that even
terribly lucky if on klo phones
at least something established at least
any games so for lack
android you can stick Chinese 2 points and
a couple of times in ebalo
although it is worth noting shitty external
a clone of the samsung axis, they are still
but made further visual wrappers
The case did not go to the screen but in the application four with
half inches with a resolution of 480 by 854
pixel
there is no multitouch and there is a trace
vagina camera useless 3 megapixels
pictures are just awful about this fear
keep silent there is no and in the receiver in
there is no wi-fi in general, it is not at all
nothing was promised on his boxes
the main problems are of course
overheating and crazy satanic dances
java clones anyway it's time
understand that buying a budget Chinese
clone of any phone
she's not counting anything good
they will never work long
because dungeon assembly technology
Beijing does not provide for this
guarantees and services by buying a Chinese clone
you buy a plastic poop
it only remains to hope that it is early or
late the chinese will stop doing it
but we know that damn Chinese aren't
stop all that remains
humanity is waiting for it
cutting off their nasty hands with
I ’m joking with an ax
drank with glasses for nails in general for today
all must throw in the comments
links to all sorts of crap that you would
wanted to see in new releases and not
forget to subscribe to the channel